Added Machine ID Jenkins Guide (#11091)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/machine-id/getting-started.mdx

Now you can replace any invocations of `ssh` with the above command to provide
your applications and tools a machine identity that can be rotated, audited,
and controlled with all the familiar Teleport access controls.

## Next Steps

> For the next steps, dive deeper into the topics relevant to your Machine ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you know how to create a bot user to access resources in your infrastructure, dive deeper into the topics relevant to your Machine ID
```
